Women do not expect when the Shen Dao brothers think of women.
Your ability to drink alcohol is not good.
Why did you drink two glasses?
You drink first.
I'm going out for a minute.
Come on, let's drink.
Ha, ha, killed my life.
Lieu Dai Trang Truong Luong Shen Song immediately thoroughly washed the suspect Tran Tinh
No, no, no. He died with me a couple of times.
Happy Birthday General Director Shen Lang
Today is your birthday.
I said how mysterious Deputy General Director Chen is today.
Ha ha ha
The birthday of the Shen Lang brothers
Then we have to drink more.
Let's first toast to the happy birthday of the Shen Lang brothers.
Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Happy Birthday
If you can't think, you don't want to.
It just keeps repeating.
We're going to have a great birthday.